Consent management private beta (#5013)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/privacy/consent-management.md

Segment works with your third-party consent management platform (CMP) or bespoke consent solution to capture an end user's consent preferences and enforce those preferences by only routing events to the categories consented to by an end user. 

![Diagram outlining information flowing from an end user to Segment destinations](/docs/privacy/images/consent-overview.png)

After a user sets their consent preferences, Segment captures them with the [Analytics.js Consent Tools wrapper](https://github.com/segmentio/analytics-next/tree/master/packages/consent/consent-tools) and updates the [consent object](#consent-object). The events are then sent downstream to any streaming destinations in categories that a user consented to share data with.

> info ""
> Segment collects consent for both registered users and anonymous users.

## Enforce consent
Segment routes events with a consent object to the destinations in categories consented to by a user and to destinations that do not have a consent category.

> If an end user changes the categories they consent to (or if they consent using a different device or identifier,) any events they generate after updating their consent preferences will contain the updated consent information. Events will be sent only to the destinations in the categories that are currently consented to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an end user changes the categories they consent to (or if they consent using a different device or identifier,) any events they generate after updating their consent preferences will contain the updated consent information. Segment only sends events to the destinations in the categories that are currently consented to.
```
